[music]
Hey, everybody!
Welcome to Adventure Bay!
My name's Ryder,
and I'm so happy you're here.
[whistling]
Are you ready to roll
with the PAW Patrol?
[audience cheering]
Let me hear you!
Are you ready to roll
with the PAW Patrol?
[audience cheering]
Well, you've come
on a really exciting day.
Because today is the day
of the Great Adventure Bay
Race to Foggy Bottom.
Mayor Goodway and Chickaletta
are running the race
for Adventure Bay,
and the PAW Patrol and I
can't wait
to cheer them on!
Now, I see you got
your paw paw pompoms with you.
Put them in the air
and cheer "Go" with us!
Ready? Say...
Go! Go! Go! Go!
[whistling]
Great! Now try this one,
side to side, say...
Go! Go! Go! Go!
[whistling]
Awesome! Now what about
my favorite? Say...
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Great! You are ready
to cheer with us!
[airhorn blares]
Hey! That sound means
it's nearly time for the race!
Let's get to the starting line
and see the pups.
Let's go!
[music playing]
[audience cheering]
♪ PAW Patrol,
PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there
on the double ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah!
They're on their way! ♪
Are you guys ready
to say hi to Marshall?
Awesome!
Then say,
"Hi, Marshall!"
[audience cheering]
SCATTERED VOICES:
Hi, Marshall!
Say "Hi, Rubble!"
ALL: Hi, Rubble!
RYDER:
Say "Hi, Chase"!
ALL: Hi, Chase!
Say "Hi, Rocky!"
ALL: Hi, Rocky!
Say "Hi, Zuma!"
ALL: Hi, Zuma!
Say, "Hi, Skye!"
ALL: Hi, Skye!
VOICES: Marshall!
Rubble! Chase! Rocky!
Zuma! Skye! Yeah!
They're on their way!
♪ PAW Patrol!
PAW Patrol! ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ PAW Patrol!
PAW Patrol! ♪
♪ We'll be there
on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big,
no pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol,
we're on a roll ♪
♪ So here we go,
PAW Patrol, whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol,
whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
Ruff!
Hi, pups!
Hi, Ryder!
Wow, look
how many amazing friends
came to watch
the race with us.
[overlapping greetings]
Will you help us
cheer on Mayor Goodway
and Chickaletta?
[audience cheering]
Where will they be
racing, Ryder?
Mayor Goodway
and Chickaletta have to race
all around Adventure Bay
to find clues
that will help lead them
to the finish line.
Will you help them
find the clues?
[audience cheering]
Paw-some!
When you see a clue,
jump up high in the air.
Yeah, and when they win,
I'm gonna do
a Pup Pup Boogie!
[laughing]
Wow, I wish
I could be in a race.
Me too!
[gasping]
Come on, I'll race you
around, Marshall!
Whoa!
Slow down, you guys!
You're making me dizzy!
Whoa...
Oh, but wait a minute!
Where's Mayor Goodway
and Chickaletta?
The race is
about to start.
Shouldn't they be
here by now?
Hmm, you're right, Chase.
I hope they get here soon.
If they don't,
Adventure Bay may not
have a chance at winning,
which means
the winner's trophy would go
to the town of...
Foggy Bottom!
Mayor Humdinger!
[chuckling]
Yes, that's me.
Ooh, hello.
♪ I'm the mayor
of Foggy Bottom ♪
♪ And I've come
to the race today ♪
♪ Foggy Bottom's going to be
on top at last ♪
♪ When we beat Adventure Bay ♪
Well, well, if it isn't
Ryder and his pesky pups.
Um, that's PAW Patrol.
Ooh!
Whatever.
I'm so glad you've all come
to watch me win the race.
That'll prove
once and for all
that Foggy Bottom rules
and Adventure Bay drools.
[chuckling]
Aww, you little
bitty kitties
look so cute today.
Hello! Hi!
[kitten growls]
[all gasping]
Cute but cranky.
[audience laughing]
My Kitten Catastrophe Crew
will be finding three red clues
with me today.
My kittens always win!
They always land
on their feet!
They always--
Ahh-choo!
Whoo, they always
make me sneeze.
[audience laughing]
Sorry.
Anyway, let's get
this race on the road.
[gasping]
Where's that Mayor Goodway
and her little
chicken friend?
It looks like
they're not here yet.
Not here? I guess
Chickaletta isn't
the only one
that's chicken.
Bawk bawk bawk!
This will be the easiest race
I've ever won.
But Mayor Humdinger,
if you could just wait
for them to arrive!
Wait for them?
Don't you know
the Great Adventure Bay
Race rules?
[meowing]
One: find hidden question mark
clues around Adventure Bay.
Two: follow the clues
to the finish line.
And three: the first team
across the finish line
before sundown wins.
See? It doesn't say anything
about waiting for slowpokes.
Yeah, but we're not
really slow--
ANNOUNCER: Attention,
the Great Adventure Bay Race
is about to begin!
Come on, kittens,
let's get this race
on the road
and find those clues!
On your mark...
Uh-huh!
Get set... go!
[airhorn blaring]
We'll see you
at the finish line
when we win the trophy!
[cackling]
Oh, no!
The race has started!
And without
Mayor Goodway!
Or Chickaletta!
Where could they be?
I'm not sure,
but if they don't show up,
Adventure Bay will never
win that trophy!
Oh!
Ryder,
somebody's calling!
Ryder here!
Oh, Ryder!
Thank goodness!
Mayor Goodway!
The race has started.
Where are you?
I'm at Farmer Yumi's farm!
Is everything okay?
Okay?
No! Everything's
the opposite of okay!
In fact, everything is
completely not okay!
What happened?
Well, we were on our way
to the starting line.
Chickaletta chased a worm
up to the tippy-top of a cart
filled with pumpkins,
and now she can't
get herself down.
ALL: Oh, no!
MAYOR: Oh, yes.
And when I tried
to get her down myself,
these pumpkins landed
on my foot!
ALL: Oh, no!
Oh, yes!
And, to make matters worse,
now the cart has rolled
right onto the train tracks!
ALL: Oh, no!
Oh, yes!
We need help,
and fast!
Don't worry, Mayor!
We're on our way.
No job is too big,
no pup is too small!
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
Ryder needs us!
Come on, everyone,
let's go!
Here I come!
[overlapping shouts]
I'm good!
♪ To the Lookout ♪
♪
(Whirring)
(Meowing, purring)
Bath time is almost over,
kitties.
Hm, something's wrong, Katie.
They don't purr like that
at home!
It just means they're happy,
Mayor Humdinger!
(Scoffing)
Don't be grumpy, Callie.
Here, play with your yarn ball.
(Meowing)
Hmph!
You cute kitties sure do love
coming to Adventure Bay,
don't you?
She thinks Adventure Bay
is better than Foggy Bottom.
Just because we don't have
a Pet Parlor.
Or anything else.
(Meowing)
KATIE:
Hi, Ryder! Pups!
You and Robo Dog about ready
to head out of town?
Yup. We need a new part
so I can fix his robo-tail.
(Barking)
Thanks again for watching the
pups while I'm gone, Katie.
You're our favorite pup sitter!
When you're ready,
Rocky and I will walk back
to the Lookout with you.
Wow, an official PAW Patrol
escort!
How about that, Callie?
(Scoffing)
(Meowing)
Here, Katie.
Better take my spare Pup Pad.
Just in case.
Okay, but what could go wrong
in one day?
Have a safe trip!
Thanks! See you later!
(Barking)
Bye-bye!
(Meowing)
With Ryder away, now's our
chance to make Adventure Bay
look crummier than Foggy Bottom!
Come. We have mischief to plan,
kitties.
(Laughing)
Oh! My latest mischief-making
invention.
(Confused meowing)
What do you think?
(Meowing)
They're animal sound
switching tags!
They can turn meows into barks,
like this.
(Beeping)
(Meowing)
(Barking)
It works!
Now to head to Adventure Bay and
create some kitty chaos!
Hmm, more like "puppy
pandemonium!"
(Laughing)
(Whistling)
What a dee-lightful day.
Kittens, let's go.
(Barking)
Yikes! Those dogs sound
dee-termined
to stop my mail dee-livery!
(Phone beeping)
(Meowing)
Huh? Where did those
barking dogs go?
(Meowing)
Nothing here but me
and my poor little kitties.
(Growling)
My turn, my turn!
(Pups laughing)
(Groaning)
Why don't you give it a try,
Callie?
Oh, don't be like that, Callie.
(Phone ringing)
Oh, that's the Pup Pad ringing.
Someone might need help.
Oh, right.
Ryder, there's a pack of
mysterious dogs
creating havoc all over town.
And...
You're not Ryder.
I know, I'm pup sitting for
Ryder, Mayor Goodway.
How can we help?
Oh, hi, Katie! Well,
those naughty pups scared poor
Mr. Postman up a tree!
Oh no! The pups and I
will help the mailman--
And just one last thing.
Those mystery barkers scared
Chickaletta
till she flapped to the top of
the lemonade stand.
When I tried to rescue her,
I, uh, got stuck up here too.
(Squawking)
Don't worry, the PAW Patrol will
be right there to help.
Um, actually Ryder would say
something like,
"No mystery pack is too barky,
no pup is too small."
Oh! That's cute.
Okay, all pups to the tower.
Actually, Ryder says
"PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
Got it!
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
PUPS:
Ryder needs us!
I mean, Katie.
Whoa!
Marshall, careful!
You too, Callie! Watch out!
Whoa!
(Crashing)
Hey, check it out!
My hat is a cat!
(Growling)
(Laughing)
♪
PAW Patrol ready for action,
Ryder, sir!
Uh, I mean, Katie, sir.
Um, ma'am.
Thanks, pups.
Mysterious barking dogs have
caused two missions.
So, um, what does Ryder do next?
Ryder tells us which pup
he needs
and what they are going to do.
Okay. Hmm.
To rescue Mr. Postman,
I'll need...
Marshall! You'll use your
fire truck ladder
to help him down from the tree.
I'm fired up!
That's so catchy!
Did you just make that up?
(Laughing)
And Skye. I'll need you
to use your copter
to airlift Mayor Goodway
and Chickaletta
safely to the ground.
(Barking)
Let's take to the sky!
Love it! Okay.
I think the PAW Patrol
is ready to go.
I think you mean "PAW Patrol
is on a roll."
Yes, that.
(Barking)
♪ Katie ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
Whoa, whoa!
Whoa!
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
(Barking)
♪
Whoa!
♪ Marshall ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, ♪
♪ Skye ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪
(Siren wailing)
Help!
Don't worry, Mr. Postman!
Marshall will get you down.
Right!
(Barking)
Ladder!
A meow-bark will wreck
this rescue.
(Barking)
Ladder, retract!
Huh? Whoa-oh-oh!
Who barked down my ladder?
(Laughing)
(Barking)
Ladder!
Water cannon!
Hey! This rescue is a
dee-saster!
(Barking)
I don't get it!
What's going on?
♪
I'll have you and Chickaletta
down in a sec, Mayor Goodway!
(Barking)
Harness!
Oh dear! I missed it!
Sorry, Mayor Goodway!
Something happened to my gear!
I'll try again.
(Barking)
Harness!!
(Laughing)
It's a prank-a-palooza!
One more time, louder!
(Barking)
What? Oh no!
I snagged the straw! I'm stuck!
Whoa-oh-oh!
I've got to do something to help
Skye, but what?! Huh?
(Barking)
A barking kitty?
Keep up the good bad work!
And what's that strange tag?
(Beeping)
(Barking)
Mayor Humdinger must be behind
all these messed up rescues.
He's got a gadget
that makes his kitties bark!
These pranks are going so well,
it's time to celebrate.
Come, puppy cats.
Let's go scare Mr. Porter away
from his cafe
and get some free
celebration snacks!
(Laughing)
We've got to stop those
barking kitties!
Chase, Rocky, meet me
at my Pet Parlor.
Chase is on the case!
Green means go!
I love it when they say
that stuff!
(Sirens wailing)
Here's our new mission, pups.
Keep the kitties busy
while we reprogram the Mayor's
remote controller.
Sounds like a plan!
What do we do?
Follow me to Mr. Porter's cafe.
(Barking)
Scary barking cat dogs? Run!
(Siren wailing)
Mmm-mm!
Kitties love yarn balls,
so Chase,
launch them away from the cafe.
Got it!
(Barking)
Ball launcher!
♪
Pretty kitties want to play?
(Barking)
Hey! Come back here,
you ungrateful dogs--
I mean, kitties!
Rocky, adjust that remote
control
so it won't make dog sounds.
Sure thing!
(Barking)
Screwdriver!
(Whirring)
(Barking)
Kitties, stop acting like
kitties!
I'm trying to eat free food!
(Barking)
(Chirping)
What?
(Chirping, cooing)
You kitty dogs sound like
kitty birds.
Whoa!
(Barking)
(Tweeting)
Phew! That's better.
(Barking)
Let's get you down, Mr. Postman.
(Skye shouting)
(Barking)
(Cooing)
Hey! I think I can control
my harness again!
(Barking)
Harness.
Got it! Thanks so much, Skye!
(Clucking)
Whoo-hoo!
Here you go, Mr. Porter.
Your cafe is cat-dog-bird free.
Phew! Thanks, Katie and pups.
Aww, shush!
I'm not driving all the way home
with a carrier full of birds.
(Mooing)
(Groaning)
You're all good pups.
(Scoffing)
I saved a yarn ball for you,
Callie!
No one can replace you, Callie!
Hi, Katie, pups!
Robo Dog's tail is good as new.
(Barking)
So, how'd it go today?
Katie did a pawesome job, Ryder.
I knew she would.
Thanks, Katie!
You're welcome!
Whenever your town is full of
barking kitties,
just yelp for help.
(Pups laughing)
♪ P-P-P-PAW-PAW-PAW Patrol ♪
♪
And done!
This puppy's gotta slide!
(Laughing)
I never knew washing the deck
could be so much fun!
Yes!
Whoo-hoo!
Yay!
And these soapy sponges really
help me work on my moves.
♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
What's that, Captain Turbot?
This sneaky specimen is the
Finicky Foot Fish.
A wacky wanderer that can walk
out of the water.
Foot Fish?
I've never heard of that.
A fish with feet?
Are you sure it's even real?
Sadly this species hasn't been
seen for centuries,
but I believe this rare recluse
is real.
Do you think you can find one,
Cap'n Turbot?
Actually, yes!
I've recorded reports of several
supposed sightings
and it should arrive
at Adventure Bay soon!
(Laughing)
I'm really looking forward to
going snorkeling, Mayor Goodway.
Me too, Farmer Yumi.
And I have a sneaking suspicion
we're going to see a lot
of fish today!
Well, I know
they're going to see us!
Oh, the pink?
It was the only color I had.
Well, I like it.
And I especially like
these fins.
I'm so glad.
I tried to make these wetsuits
look like fish,
so we wouldn't alarm
the little guys.
And to top it off...
voila!
Fishy hats? What fun!
(Squawking)
Sorry, my precious,
you have to stay here.
Snorkeling is not a good hobby
for chickens.
(Clucking)
And now you won't feel left out!
Wow! What wonderful work!
We're happy to help.
Come on, pups.
Let's head back to the Lookout.
Cap'n Turbot has a fish to find.
Good luck!
See you later!
Now to set off on my search.
Whoa-oh-oh! My shoes are too
slippery to stop!
(Splashing)
Oh no! My specs can't swim!
Ah! The Foot Fish!
With a friend!
I have to capture this momentous
moment with my camera phone!
But first I have to find it.
Where, oh where...
Whoa!
Oof!
(Groaning)
Ah! Oh, hah-hah.
It's in my pocket.
Aw, it was in my pocket.
No time to try freeing my phone
with the Foot Fish fleeing!
♪
Fantastic!
Fresh Foot Fish footprints!
Oh no!
(Squawking)
Hey, watch out!
Forgive me, I'm following
a Foot Fish.
(Crashing)
Aw, not my last cream pie.
(Squawking)
Oh, pink!
That crafty creature got far!
It's faster than I figured.
Whoa!
Hey, whatever happened
to please?
CAP'N TURBOT:
I really wish I had my glasses!
Uh-oh! Cap'n Turbot
is in trouble!
And so is the Flounder!
I'd better call the PAW Patrol!
(Laughing)
(Howling)
Whoops! Guess I forgot to take
these off.
Bubbles, anyone?
(Grunting)
(Phone ringing)
Oh no, Mr. Porter,
are you all right?
I'm fine, Ryder.
Cream pie is my favorite.
But I think something's wrong
with Cap'n Turbot,
and the Flounder
is drifting away!
We're on it. No captain's
problems are too big,
no pup is too small.
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
PUPS:
Ryder needs us!
Whoa!
Marshall!
Be careful!
Whoa!
(Crashing)
Just thought I'd "pop" in.
(Laughing)
♪
PAW Patrol ready for action,
Ryder, sir!
Thanks for hurrying, pups.
Cap'n Turbot has been acting
kind of strange.
He's zooming around town
on Daring Danny's rocket board.
(Yelping)
And the Flounder is drifting
away in the Bay!
It's up to us to find out what's
wrong and make it right.
So for this mission
I'll need... Chase.
I'll need you to use your 4x4
to safely stop Cap'n Turbot
before he hurts someone
or himself!
Chase is on the case!
And Zuma.
I'll need you to use your
hovercraft
to bring the Flounder safely
back to the dock.
Let's dive in!
All right, PAW Patrol
is on a roll!
(Barking)
♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
(Barking)
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪
♪ Chase ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Zuma ♪
Yay!
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪
(Siren wailing)
Zuma, let me know when you find
the Flounder.
You've got it, Ryder, dude!
♪
Chase, you need to find--
(Screaming)
Cap'n Turbot?
Ryder, I stepped off my board
for a second
and Cap'n Turbot rode off
with it!
This is extremely weird!
Don't worry, I'll get your board
back, Daring Danny.
(Siren wailing)
That's Daring Danny X!
Cap'n Turbot, please slow down!
(Shouting)
Cap'n Turbot, look out!
Whoa! He looks a little goofy,
but he can board!
(Screaming)
Whoa!
Whoa-oh-oh!
Careful, Cap'n!
You're going to fall!
Whoa!
I think he's having trouble
seeing and hearing us.
Chase, call up to him
as loud as you can.
Volume up!
(Barking)
Megaphone.
Cap'n Turbot!
Chase, is that you?
(Barking)
Net!
♪
Whoa!
Phew! Thanks for safely
snatching me.
Oh, I--
Hey, I can hear!
But golly, my glasses are gone.
I foolishly followed
that Foot Fish
and created a cavalcade
of chaos.
I fear I've failed to find
that fish.
It's okay. Let's get you
your glasses back
so you can continue your search
for the Foot Fish!
Thanks, Ryder!
I dropped them at the dock,
along with my faithful phone.
♪
Wally, watch out!
(Snoring)
That walrus dude sure is
a deep sleeper.
I know!
(Barking)
Buoy!
Yes! Got ya!
(Snoring)
(Siren wailing)
Great work, Zuma!
Now where did you last see your
glasses, Cap'n Turbot?
I last saw my specs sink here.
I can't see anything down there.
Zuma, use your sub to search the
sea floor for those glasses.
Ready, set, get wet.
(Barking)
Submarine!
♪
Ryder, I've found the glasses!
A crab picked them up
and is clowning around
for his underwater bros!
RYDER:
Okay, just move slowly.
We don't want to startle them.
(Barking)
Claw!
(Screeching)
Just be gentle...
Oh, there!
How about a trade, dude?
(Chattering)
You are one clowny crab!
Ryder, I found the phone!
But it looks like it's stuck
in there.
(Horn honking)
Just in time, Rocky.
Cap'n Turbot's phone
is in the bottom crate.
Your forklift should be able to
move them so we can grab it.
You got it, Ryder.
♪
Nice work! Let's bring this back
to Cap'n Turbot.
Thank you for finding my phone.
I hope the Foot Fish
haven't fled.
(Gasping)
I see those specimens swimming
smoothly through the surf!
Finally I can finagle a photo!
Special delivery!
Nice work, Zuma!
Cap'n Turbot,
we've got your glasses.
A thousand thanks for your help.
Now I can peruse my picture of--
Mayor Goodway and Farmer Yumi?
In pretty pink wetsuits?
But what about the telltale
tracks?
(Sighing)
Maybe the Foot Fish is just
a fabulous fable.
Unless... more research
is required!
I must set sail!
Wait, I made this
glasses strap for you,
so they won't fall off again!
Oh, wonderful work!
Thank you for this!
And for the several super saves
today, PAW Patrol.
You're welcome!
And remember, whenever you lose
your glasses,
just yelp for help.
(Horn honking)
♪ P-P-P-PAW-PAW-PAW Patrol ♪
♪